WIP: Restructure Databases on Cloud (#1829)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Umbraco-Cloud/Databases/SQL-Management-Studio/index.md

> ## Connecting to SQL Azure on Umbraco Cloud Using SQL Management Studio

Reviewer: Suggestion for new heading here:

```suggestion
## Connecting to the database on Umbraco Cloud locally
```

> ## Connecting to SQL Azure on Umbraco Cloud Using SQL Management Studio

Reviewer: I think this article could use a main heading, like "Connect to your database" ..
And then a short introduction as to what's in this article?

For security, your database on Umbraco Cloud is running behind a firewall so in order to connect to the database, you'll need to open the firewall for the relevant IPs. This can be a single IP, a list of IPs or even an IP range. It's done from the Connection Details page on your project. Click the "Settings" menu in the upper right corner of your project and select "Connection Details". If you don't see the menu item, it's due to permissions and you'll need to contact the administrator of your project.

> ### Opening the firewall

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Opening the firewall
```

If you need to open for specific IP addresses, click the "Add New IP Address" button.

## Setting up SQL Management Studio
Once the firewall is open, it's time to fire up SQL Management Studio and connect to the database. Be aware that a database exist for each environment you have on Umbraco Cloud and any changes you make to custom tables needs to be done for each of them.

To connect, choose "Connect Database Engine" and copy the values from the Connection Details page on Umbraco Cloud where you'll find handy "copy" short-cut buttons to the right of each value. In the "Connect to Server" dialog in SQL Management Studio, choose "SQL Server Authentication" as the authentication type and also remember to click the "Options" button *before you connect* and paste the name of your database in the "Database" input field (otherwise, security settings on Umbraco Cloud will prevent you from connecting). You can see it all in this short gif:

<iframe width="800" height="450" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/f3YIEHGHZB4?rel=0" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>

> ## Connecting to your local Umbraco installation

Reviewer: Doesn't this belong in the "Local Database" article? 🤔
And also, this article is called "SQL Management Studio" - that's not used for connecting to a local database, is it?
